[SDTEST-3876] Documentation changes for Test Parallelization and TIA based on customers feedback (#37923)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/test_parallelization/configuration.md

**Example:** `custom/spec/**/*_spec.rb`

`DD_TEST_OPTIMIZATION_RUNNER_TESTS_EXCLUDE_PATTERN`
: Glob pattern used to exclude test files from discovery.<br/>
**CLI flag:** `--tests-exclude-pattern`<br/>
**Alias:** `KNAPSACK_PRO_TEST_FILE_EXCLUDE_PATTERN`<br/>
**Default:** Empty<br/>
**Example:** `spec/system/**/*_spec.rb`

`DD_TEST_OPTIMIZATION_RUNNER_TEST_DISCOVERY_CACHE`
: Path to a restored test discovery cache file. `ddtest` imports it before planning and refreshes the internal discovery cache after successful full discovery.<br/>
**CLI flag:** `--test-discovery-cache`<br/>
**Default:** Empty<br/>
**Example:** `.ddtest-cache/tests-discovery.json`

`DD_TESTOPTIMIZATION_TIA_TEST_SKIPPING_MODE`
: Controls whether Test Impact Analysis skipping uses test-level or suite-level granularity for Ruby. Invalid values fall back to `test`.<br/>
**CLI flag:** `--test-skipping-mode`<br/>
**Default:** `test`<br/>
**Supported values:** `test`, `suite`

`DD_TEST_OPTIMIZATION_RUNNER_FORCE_FULL_TEST_DISCOVERY`
: Forces full test discovery when the framework supports it, including in suite-level skipping mode.<br/>
**CLI flag:** `--force-full-test-discovery`<br/>
**Default:** `false`<br/>

> **Example:** `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Supported values:** `true`, `false`
```

`DD_TEST_OPTIMIZATION_RUNNER_STRICT_DISCOVERY`

> : Fails planning when full test discovery fails. Canceled full discovery still uses fast test file discovery fallback.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Fails planning when full test discovery errors out. If full discovery is canceled (for example, by a timeout), `ddtest` still falls back to fast test file discovery instead of failing.<br/>
```
